Hello quest today had entered from the previous
playstation vita
I would like to introduce various functions
I think that would like to introduce from the First camera
There is a password setting so please wait a moment
Yes it did
It is like this
That's why Yonggi put it
It was fart such as still trial version or app Nde have software
Something like this
You can use youtube fairly quickly
facebook does not do much
I'm doing it with a walkman
Will introduce camera
When you start this, it's the same as tapping the button on this camera
This is the photographer I took
You can see photos from your computer etc.
Let's start to get out
It becomes like this
Hmm
I will explain and
What is this
This is an external camera in not you've used still does not well know
Switch between the internal camera does not have a photograph Is over mail-chan
this is
Here is a farewell ne
It is a switch button to take ordinary still images and videos
I do have and the players took it this way, but look like this and go back to the video
I will
If you go here
here
You can see the photos taken at Saitoyama.
Here in the deko act can be resized like this
Something like this
Let's actually go for it
I am nervous about what I take
I 'm jumping this week
I think I want to take a Erufi
I feel like this
It is pretty beautiful
I'm doing
took
When
The picture I took was
Take here and here
In this way you can see when you touch is benefit in the immediate here to take a little while ago
Here is a photo of a cat that will be killed
Attacks and in here is you take the camera back
It is a file
I feel like this
Return
Press the camera button
I 'll take it here and show it for a while
Then
Follow
Let's take a look at the pictures taken with the a difficult now bug seen is here
In the next
I will take a video and switch here
It was switched properly
I will take it
If the video also photos as well as tap here I took you can guy taken in this way
It has a little reversed
Two high school students are played
It's like this , so the video you actually took is here
For example or remain remains
Yes
The function of the camera is about this and after Start button
Screenshot have you doing it is sympathy take in Higashiroku Oyama
Yes I was getting rid of it, I'm going to Pudong to Emil
It just says scree shot ne
It has gray What smoked
Yes I can take it like this
Go Have a nice day like this I feel
This can also be enlarged with your finger this way
I made it small, but I 'm back
In but it can not be rotated in this way
It can be used upside down like this
There was a judgment, I can do like there
The function of the camera is about this next
We will introduce the browser
He starts to feel
9 upper right
You can search by search button about
I made a reservation
i like this
I can not see it
The diet is crisp and this sounds like a touch
It is fine to do easy
Then it is easy to go to this page
It is reflected from
The beach to take the ground is main
Kagaya good
paradis seems to have been
I enjoy going back to here in $ 5 in the stomach area
Well you can not even number if you want to proceed at the tableware
In here, here in this place Mr. Abe returns here here and wants to sink when it's like
Can be raw
Bookmark this and don't receive a stage that you used often, and add subtly and tweet design
I will go in the country
It is increase
It is disgusting Korean feeling
In this time
We introduced camera function and clothes of browser
Then next time
Two more
We will have to introduce the next time The other function then chopped
ha
cap
Hm
me